Update to the data cleaning section (#18)
T-J-Summer/Final-Project: README.md

```
cou_edu.head(1)
```

> The line of code above allows me to see all of the collum headers with only 1 data result, with this information i am able to run the unique formula to establish what country names are in this dataset. it was with this code that i was able to establish that there is 26 groups within this data that i need to get rid of.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The line of code above allows me to see all of the column headers with only one data result, with this information I was able to run the unique formula to establish what country names are in this dataset. It was with this code that I was able to establish that there were 26 groups within this data that I need to get rid of.
```

> There is then 1 of 2 options, The first option is to import a list of all registed countries from the internet then merge this list with the dataset above, this will then remove all of the non-countries from the dataset above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then I had two options.

The first option was to import a list of all registered countries from the internet then merge this list with the dataset above in such way that it would remove all of the non-countries from the dataset.
```

#### Option 1
The first option is to import a list of all registed countries from the internet then merge this list with the dataset above, this will then remove all of the non-countries from the dataset above.

> #### Option 2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Option 2

```
